what is up YouTube general cave TV here
today today we'll be teaching you how to
get mono for 3 for free using crack
steam and techno no torrents needed yay
to start all the download links will be
in the description all of these will be
in the description what you want to do
first is you'll want to download the
update I recommend using the steam or
the media fire which is a valid link or
it should be at least if it's not mad
because I did do this all myself alright
yeah it's about like I just missed a few
LED characters I'll go ahead and fix
that the TI I know it's just that I
think Anna yeah so anyways all these
links will be in the description so what
you want to do is download the update
via media fire or deposit files if you
do media fire it has a password then you
want to download techno mw3 um two point
nine two point nine point two if that
one does it show the multiplayer then
download this one which will also be in
there I download both because I think
it's more safe anyways once you have all
those you want to go into your green
luma craft steam which you can get off
Google go down to tools and download
call of duty mw3 dedicated server this
is 14 gigabytes once that's downloaded
go into your location of where your
theme is so for me is my local disk C
steamapps common call duty mw3 go ahead
and paste all those files that you just
downloaded into here and it'll give you
something kind of like this once that's
done go ahead and open up the techno
server it'll kind of like a bullet
looking thing I'll tell you what its
name - home it's pretty much the same
tech now in something else but you know
some people ask for the real names I go
ahead and tell you about its name techno
w3 go ahead and open up that anyways
in here you want to go ahead and click
settings and change your name to
whatever you want
I don't think colored names work anymore
but you know you can do if you want and
then your photo view from 65 to 90 I do
nine because I'm a fan of 90 click Save
and then you'll have single-player
option and the multiplayer option I like
multiplayer well I love single-player
because my internet strong not strong
enough to play multiplayer so I do
single-player but I'm gonna go ahead and
show you this so I'm going to go ahead
and stop the video and then I'll restart
it when I'm in the game or when I'm
online so we'll be right back alright
we're back YouTube as I said I did start
it up and you can tell right there
techno mw3 this is the real techno like
I showed you you can go in here mitem I
attacked so you know everything I'm
locked and pretty much yeah but uh
anyways aside that point so I got him
put a gun on hang on ah okay done oh I
don't have any camouflages so it's
whatever all right there we go I have a
class I'm gonna go ahead and rename that
mmm
I'm trying to map a father alright so
once it's done you can't do this because
it won't locate games it'll
automatically put you in your own or
it'll find one but what you want to do
is go ahead and click servers and then
click Internet this these are real
servers guys not only the fake nunley's
will correct these are 100% Call of Duty
steam based servers and I don't know I'm
not much percent sure but I believe it
does go off your friends list and recent
players but I don't know either of those
so and if you have friends on Steam if
it does plus friends list you can do
private matches with your buddies but
anyway so I'm gonna go in servers and
let it refresh again because I kind of
just cancelled the Refresh try mines
video as short as I can oh ok there we
go and it's finding a bunch of servers
285 servers 600 no it's still going up
okay well anyways so it's got servers so
we're gonna go ahead and click one let's
- infected so we'll go ahead and let
that load up and this is 100% real and
it allows you to play off based Steam
games not not crash servers okay so here
we go we're going into fallen a game
mode infected apparently but yeah I'm
more of a single-player person you'll
see why here in a minute because my pink
is awful has you seen in the servers and
saw like one 1999 but for some reason I
can download and upload videos and
download stuff really quickly and upload
stuff really quickly so I mean it's
whatever alright so here we are we're in
an actual server and I'm liking of
course I can always I got bar and yes my
game is hacked and so I don't have a
rank but yeah you can pretty much do
whatever you want in servers it doesn't
really matter because they all work this
is hundred percent legit but anyways I'm
going to hit and in this video so calm
or I subscribe and join us at general
Capcom for more videos good bye YouTube